# Hbo Data Analysis
# About The Project
The project explores a HBO dataset. The purpose is to determine the audience reaction towards different TV shows in order to identify trends.
The exploration using IMDB score as a reference point as it translates to the audience reaction.
# Dependencies
The libraries imported and used were seaborn, pandas, numpy and matplotlib..pyplot
# Description
The dataset was generated by merging two datasets using:
#merge the two datasets to generate a new dataset named df
df = df1.merge(df2, how= 'inner', on='index')
df
The data was then cleaned by deleting rows containing NaN values and checking for duplicates.



# Reccomendations
The TV show Chernobyl has the highest IMDB score according to the bar plot for IMDB score and year implying the audience really likes it and hence more shows like it should be made.
The same bar plot indicates Mildred Pierce has the lowest IMDB score implying the audience did not particularly like it and hence less movies or shows like it should be made.
The peak mean IMDB score is in 2019 according to the linegraph for mean IMDB score and year implying the audience enjoys relatively newer shows.
# Conclusion
In conclusion, the success of TV shows is significantly influenced by audience feedback, as reflected in IMDb scores. Producers and creators can use this information to guide their decisions in terms of content creation, focusing on themes and styles that resonate positively with the audience while keeping an eye on current trends in the industry.
